

                                       RESEARCH                                                                            GLOBAL IDEA 
 Morgan Stanley 
July 20, 2025 06:00 AM GMT 
                                                                                             MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC 
 Sunday Start | What's Next in Global Macro 
                                                                                             Vishwanath Tirupattur 
                                                                                             Strategist 
                                                                                             Vishwanath. Tirupattur@morganstanley.com +1 212 761-1043 
 Credit            Markets                 and        the Al                                 Vishwas Patkar 
                                                                                             Strategist 
                                                                                             Vishwas.Patkar@morganstanley.com       +1 212 761-8041 
 Financing                  Gap 

 Gen Al and technology diffusion is rapidly reshaping the global economy and 
 remains a key theme for markets across sectors and geographies. That said, its 
 transformative potential hinges on substantial capital expenditure, with data centers 
 at its core. We forecast roughly $2.9 trillion of global data center spend through 
 2028, comprising $1.6 trillion on hardware (chips/servers) and $1.3 trillion on 
 building data center infrastructure, including real estate, build costs, and 
 maintenance. On an annual basis, this translates into investment needs of over 
 $900 billion in 2028. For context, the total capex spending by all companies in the 
 S&P 500 index combined was about $950 billion in 2024. Such large potential 
 spending has significant macro consequences as well. Our economists expect that 
 investment spending related to data center construction and power generation will 
 add up to 40bp to US real GDP growth between 2025-26. 

 By any measure, the capital requirements to support this level of investment are 
 staggering, and mobilizing efficient and scalable capital becomes increasingly critical. 
 We did a deep dive into this topic, exploring alternative avenues of capital to finance 
 this expenditure, in a collaborative report published a few days ago. The key 
 takeaway from the report is that credit markets - secured, unsecured, and 
 securitized in both public and private markets - will play a growing role in financing 
 data centers. 

 To be clear, capex related to Al and data centers has been in motion for the last few 
 years. Spending from the hyperscalers alone has gone from ~$125 billion two years 
 ago to ~$200 billion in 2024 and the consensus expectation is that it exceeds $300 
 billion in 2025. Internal operating cash flows from the hyperscalers have been the 
 source of this spending. However, our equity analysts expect the investment needs 
 for data centers to rise sharply over the next few years (see here and here). While 
 cash flows from hyperscalers will remain a key source of capital to finance data 
 center-related spending, we think that these alone will no longer be adequate, after 
accounting for cash build and shareholder capital returns. Leveraging our equity 
 analysts' projections, we estimate that $1.4 trillion of hyperscaler capex may be self- 
 funded with cash flows, leaving a sizable $1.5 trillion financing gap. 

 We think that credit markets, broadly defined to encompass both public and private 
 markets of different flavors, will gain traction as more efficient providers of capital     Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
                                                                                             companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As a result, 
 to bridge this gap. In our view, there is a favorable alignment of significant and          investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
                                                                                             interest that could affect the objectivity of Morgan Stanley 
growing dry powder across credit markets with attractive real yields on offer with 
                                                                                             Research. Investors should consider Morgan Stanley 
 appeal to a sticky end-investor base (e.g., insurance, sovereign wealth funds, pension      Research as only a single factor in making their investment 
                                                                                             decision. 
 funds, endowments and high net worth retail) looking for scalable, high-quality 
                                                                                             For analyst certification and other important disclosures, 
 asset exposures that can provide diversification benefits. We think that this               refer to the Disclosure Section, located at the end of this 
                                                                                             report. 
 alignment of needs of capital and investment will pave the way for bridging the $1.5 
page_end

Morgan Stanley       RESEARCH                                                                                           GLOBAL IDEA 

trillion financing gap. 

We size the different financing channels as follows: unsecured corporate debt 
issuance from issuers in the technology sector (~$200 billion); securitized markets 
in the form of data center ABS and CMBS (~$150 billion), private credit markets in 
the form of asset-based financing (~$800 billion), and other capital sources across 
sovereign, private equity, venture capital, and bank lending (~$350 billion). Of these, 
we think that private capital - in particular credit - will play a key role in meeting a 
majority of the remaining financing gap as it sits optimally at the intersection of 
significant expansion in AUM in a higher rate environment and the complex, global, 
and customized financing needs that are associated with Al build-out. 

It goes without saying that sizing the different channels comes with considerable 
assumptions and admittedly some guesswork. Clearly, the premise that underlies 
our assumptions can shift dramatically over the horizon. Certain forms of financing 
like sovereign spending are especially hard to estimate. In addition, over a long 
horizon like we are predicting, financing can shift from one form to the other (e.g., 
from asset-based financing to asset-backed securities) depending on several factors, 
which might mean "undercounting" certain forms of capital deployment. 

While we would not be too wedded to the specific size estimates in the broad 
constellation of financing channels, the point we want to drive home is that credit 
markets will play a major role in enabling Al-driven technology diffusion. As always, 
there will be winners and losers, but data center financing as a theme for credit 
investors is here to stay. 

Enjoy your Sunday. 

Send Us Feedback 

Exhibit 1: Estimated financing breakdown for total capex, 2025-28 

  Cash Need                  $2.9tr Global Capex on Data Centers (ex. Power) 

                                          $200bn $150bn $800bn Private $350bn Other 
Financing Path    $1.4tr Funded Hyperscaler with Cash Flows Capex Corp. ABS & Capital (PE, VC, 
                                          Debt CMBS Credit Opportunity Sovereign) 

         0          500       1,000       1,500      2,000       2,500      3,000 
                             Estimated Cash Need or Source through 2028 ($bn) 
Source: Morgan Stanley Research estimates 

What I'm Reading This Week 

The Viewpoint: The Rebalancing Debate - To Diversify or Not to Diversify 

Global Insight: Global Data Center Capacity Growth to Increase 6x 

US Public Policy: Fiscal Over the Finish Line 

G10 FX Strategy: FX Hedging Can Push EUR/USD to 1.25 and Beyond 

2 

    | Category | Sub-category | Estimated Value |
    |---|---|---|
    | Cash Need | Global Capex on Data Centers (ex. Power) | $2.9tn |
    | Financing Path | Hyperscaler Capex Funded with Cash Flows | $1.4tn |
    | Financing Path | Corporate Debt | $200bn |
    | Financing Path | ABS & CMBS | $150bn |
    | Financing Path | Private Credit Opportunity | $800bn |
    | Financing Path | Other Capital (PE, VC, Sovereign) | $350bn |

    Summary: Exhibit 1 is a horizontal stacked bar chart illustrating the estimated $2.9 trillion global capital expenditure required for data centers (excluding power) from 2025 to 2028, and its corresponding financing breakdown. The chart indicates that $1.4 trillion is projected to be covered by hyperscaler cash flows. The remaining $1.5 trillion financing gap is depicted as being filled by external sources, with private credit representing the largest single contribution at $800 billion, followed by $350 billion from other capital, $200 billion from corporate debt, and $150 billion from ABS & CMBS.

    Explanation: This chart visually supports the report's argument that the escalating capital needs for AI-driven data center expansion, totaling $2.9 trillion by 2028, significantly exceed the self-funding capacity of hyperscalers. It underscores the critical and growing role of credit markets, especially private credit, in providing the necessary capital to bridge this substantial financing gap, thereby enabling the continued growth and diffusion of AI technology.

page_end

Morgan Stanley      RESEARCH                                                                                     GLOBAL IDEA 

   What We Are Watching This Week 

    TUESDAY, JULY 22 

   US Fed Chair Powell is giving opening remarks at a regulatory conference, 
    but it's during the Fed blackout period and so very unlikely he will talk about 
   monetary policy. 
   WEDNESDAY, JULY 23 
   Euro Area Consumer Confidence: We expect consumer confidence to be 
   stable at a low level in July (-15.3). 

   US Existing Home Sales: We forecast that existing home sales fell 0.7%M to 
   a 4.0 million unit annual rate. 

   THURSDAY, JULY 24 

   Euro Area PMI: We expect stable euro area composite PMI in July, at 50.6. 

   Euro Area ECB Rates Decision: We think the July meeting should bring a 
    pause. We don't expect a change in the ECB's communication, sticking to data 
   dependency and the meeting-by-meeting approach. The risks to the growth 
   outlook should continue to be characterized as skewed to the downside. 
   US Jobless Claims: Last week's decline in new jobless claims was broad- 
    based across different states, which gives it more credibility. We expect a 
   slight reversal - an increase to a still-low 230k. 
   US S&P Manufacturing PMI: The S&P measure will be the first national 
   measure for the month. In general, the factory sector has held up well in the 
   face of tariffs and tariff-related uncertainty, with the ISM near neutral and 
   the S&P pointing to continued growth. However, the S&P price measures 
   suggest that tariffs are having an impact. 
   UK PMI (Flash): We pencil in a modest improvement in UK Composite PMI 
   to 52.2 in July. Our models suggest a decent uptick in Services PMI, although 
   we think that a lot of the improvement they are pointing to in the July 
   reading likely already materialized in June. 

   Turkey CBT Rates Decision: We expect the CBT to deliver a 250bp cut in the 
    one-week repo rate to 43.50%. 
   FRIDAY, JULY 24 

   Japan Tokyo CPI: We project the headline Tokyo CPI for July at +2.9%Y, the 
   Japan-style core (all items less fresh food) at +2.9%Y, and the core-core (all 
   items less fresh food and energy) at +3.0%Y. 

    Germany ifo Business Climate: We expect an uptick in business confidence 
   in July, at 89.0 from 88.4 previously. 
   US Durable Goods Orders: Orders probably fell sharply in June (Morgan 
   Stanley estimate -10.0%M), with a sharp reversal in aircraft but 
   strengthening elsewhere. We expect that orders excluding transport rose 
    0.3%M, core capital goods orders were unchanged, and core capital goods 
   shipments rose 0.3%M. 

MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH                                                                                                    3 
page_end

                              RESEARCH                                                                                                                                     GLOBAL IDEA 
Morgan Stanley 

Disclosure Section 
Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) and Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (CMO) 
Principal is returned on a monthly basis over the life of the security. Principal prepayment can significantly affect the monthly income stream and the maturity of any type of MBS, including 
standard MBS, CMOs and Lottery Bonds. Yields and average lives are estimated based on prepayment assumptions and are subject to change based on actual prepayment of the mortgages 
in the underlying pools. The level of predictability of an MBS/CMO's average life, and its market price, depends on the type of MBS/CMO class purchased and interest rate movements. In general, 
as interest rates fall, prepayment speeds are likely to increase, thus shortening the MBS/CMO's average life and likely causing its market price to rise. Conversely, as interest rates rise, prepayment 
speeds are likely to decrease, thus lengthening average life and likely causing the MBS/CMO's market price to fall. Some MBS/CMOs may have "original issue discount" (OID). OID occurs if the 
MBS/CMO's original issue price is below its stated redemption price at maturity, and results in "imputed interest" that must be reported annually for tax purposes, resulting in a tax liability even 
though interest was not received. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors for more information. Government agency backing applies only to the face value of the CMO and not to any 
premium paid. 
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared or are disseminated by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. and/or Morgan Stanley México, 
Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and/or Morgan Stanley Canada Limited and/or Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and/or Morgan Stanley Europe S.E. and/or RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary 
Limited and/or Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Capital Group Japan Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Asia Limited and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) 
Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and/or Morgan Stanley 
Taiwan Limited and/or Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch, and/or Morgan Stanley Australia Limited (A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated 
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000001105), Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. 
INZOO0244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. 
IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: 
Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compli- 
ance@morganstanley.com which accepts the responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research, 
and their affiliates (collectively, "Morgan Stanley"). Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use Al tools in providing research services. All recommendations contained 
herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts. 
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website 
at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY, 
10036 USA. 
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any recommendation, rating or price target referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as follows: US/Canada 
+1 800 303-2495; Hong Kong +852 2848-5999; Latin America +1 718                  (U.S.); London +44 (0)20-7425-8169; Singapore +65 6834-6860; Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 
(0)3-6836-9000. Alternatively you may contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA. 

Analyst Certification 
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and that they have not received and will not 
receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this report: Vishwas Patkar; Vishwanath Tirupattur; Kyle B Yellin. 

Global Research Conflict Management Policy 
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. A 
Portuguese version of the policy can be found at www.morganstanley.com.br 

Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies 
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, including quality 
of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment banking revenues. Equity Research analysts' or strategists' compensation is not 
linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks. 
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, providing liquidity, fund management, 
commercial banking, extension of credit, investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. Morgan Stanley trades or may trade 
as principal in the debt securities (or in related derivatives) that are the subject of the debt research report. 
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions. 

STOCK RATINGS 
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, 
Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold and sell. Investors should carefully read the definitions of all 
ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan 
Stanley Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone. In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice. An investor's decision 
to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations. 

Global Stock Ratings Distribution 
(as of June 30, 2025) 
The Stock Ratings described below apply to Morgan Stanley's Fundamental Equity Research and do not apply to Debt Research produced by the Firm. 
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with FINRA requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated 

4 
page_end

                              RESEARCH                                                                                                                                GLOBAL IDEA 
 Morgan Stanley 

 and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, 
 hold, and sell but represent recommended relative weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a 
 buy recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively. 

                                                                                                                                     Other Material Investment Services 
                                         Coverage Universe                          Investment Banking Clients (IBC) 
                                                                                                                                                Clients (MISC) 
              Stock Rating                                                                                         % of Rating                           % of Total Other 
                                      Count             % of Total            Count           % of Total IBC                              Count 
                Category                                                                                            Category                                  MISC 
            Overweight/Buy            1497                 40%                 372                 45%                 25%                 702                 41% 
           Equal-weight/Hold          1632                44%                  380                 46%                 23%                 776                 45% 
             Not-Rated/Hold             4                  0%                   0                  0%                  0%                   2                  0% 

            Underweight/Sell           593                16%                  79                  10%                 13%                 233                 14% 
                  Total               3,726                                    831                                                        1713 

 Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan Stanley received investment banking compensation in the 
 last 12 months. Due to rounding off of decimals, the percentages provided in the "% of total" column may not add up to exactly 100 percent. 

 Analyst Stock Ratings 
 Overweight (O or Over) - The stock's total return is expected to exceed the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
 team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months. 
 Equal-weight (E or Equal) - The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or 
 industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months. 
 Not-Rated (NR) - Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's 
 industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
 Underweight (U or Under) - The stock's total return is expected to be below the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
 team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
 Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months. 

 Analyst Industry Views 
 Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated 
 below. 
 In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
 Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
 Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - 
 relevant MSCI country index or MSCI sub-regional index or MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index. 

Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers 
 Important disclosures regarding the relationship between the companies that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC or Morgan Stanley or any 
 of their affiliates, are available on the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management disclosure website at www.morganstanley.com/online/researchdisclosures. For Morgan Stanley specific disclosures, 
 you may refer to www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. 
 Each Morgan Stanley research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. This review and approval is conducted by the same person who reviews the 
 research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley. This could create a conflict of interest. 

 Other Important Disclosures 
 Morgan Stanley Research policy is to update research reports as and when the Research Analyst and Research Management deem appropriate, based on developments with the issuer, the 
 sector, or the market that may have a material impact on the research views or opinions stated therein. In addition, certain Research publications are intended to be updated on a regular periodic 
 basis (weekly/monthly/quarterly/annual) and will ordinarily be updated with that frequency, unless the Research Analyst and Research Management determine that a different publication 
 schedule is appropriate based on current conditions. 
 Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the recommendations or views expressed 
 in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For all research available on a particular stock, please contact 
 your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix. 
 Morgan Stanley Research is provided to our clients through our proprietary research portal on Matrix and also distributed electronically by Morgan Stanley to clients. Certain, but not all, Morgan 
 Stanley Research products are also made available to clients through third-party vendors or redistributed to clients through alternate electronic means as a convenience. For access to all 
 available Morgan Stanley Research, please contact your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix. 
 Any access and/or use of Morgan Stanley Research is subject to Morgan Stanley's Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). By accessing and/or using Morgan Stanley 
 Research, you are indicating that you have read and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). In addition you consent to Morgan Stanley processing 
 your personal data and using cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html), including for the purposes of 
 setting your preferences and to collect readership data so that we can deliver better and more personalized service and products to you. To find out more information about how Morgan Stanley 
 processes personal data, how we use cookies and how to reject cookies see our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html). 

 MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH                                                                                                                                                            5 
page_end

                              RESEARCH                                                                                                                                  GLOBAL IDEA 
 Morgan Stanley 

 If you do not agree to our Terms of Use and/or if you do not wish to provide your consent to Morgan Stanley processing your personal data or using cookies please do not access our research. 
 Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and objectives of those 
 who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. 
 The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research 
 may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the 
 solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes 
 in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There 
 may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future 
 performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject 
 company's securities/instruments. 
 The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, 
 including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or revenues), client feedback and competitive 
 factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the 
 profitability or revenues of particular trading desks. 
 The "Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or more of a class of common 
 equity securities of the companies. For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment of less than 1% in securities/instruments or 
 derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the 
 preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different 
 from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated persons. 
 With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive 
 information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete. We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from 
 when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information 
 known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel. 
 Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of associated expenses unless 
 pre-approved by authorized members of Research management. 
 Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report. 
 To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). 
 Such information is for your reference only. The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions. Morgan Stanley Research 
 may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley. Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 
 7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party 
 (including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the 
 appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation 
 or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments. MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments. 
 Certain information in Morgan Stanley Research was sourced by employees of the Shanghai Representative Office of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited for the use of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited. 
 Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC. Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or 
 the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant 
 approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision 
 of any consultancy or advisory service of securities investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only. 
 Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, São Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão 
 de Valores Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley México, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, 
 Col. Bosques de las Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group 
Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia 
 (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
 Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan 
 Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118)); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
 Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail 
 clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
 No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having 
 Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration 
 No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National 
 Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; 
 Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
 Hardas, Tel. No .: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use Al tools in providing research services. 
 All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited; in Germany and the European Economic Area where 
 required by Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., authorised and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley 
 & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
 Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) 
 are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"); (ii) are persons who are 
 high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member 
 of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory 

 6 
page_end

                              RESEARCH                                                                                                                               GLOBAL IDEA 
Morgan Stanley 

 (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by FirstRand Limited. The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital 
 Market Authority in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only. 
 The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) 
 or by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as 
 defined by the DFSA or the FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets 
 the regulatory criteria of a Professional Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available 
 upon request from your sales representative. 
 The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
 (the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA. 
 As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment 
 advisory service is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These 
 opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about 
outcomes that fit your expectations. 
 The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating 
 to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was 
 developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P. 
 Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
 Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework. 
 The issuers and/or fixed income products recommended or discussed in certain fixed income research reports may not be continuously followed. Accordingly, investors should regard those 
 fixed income research reports as providing stand-alone analysis and should not expect continuing analysis or additional reports relating to such issuers and/or individual fixed income products. 
 Morgan Stanley may hold, from time to time, material financial and commercial interests regarding the company subject to the Research report. 

 Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance 
 of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read 
 all the related documents carefully before investing. 
The following authors are Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity securities: Vishwanath Tirupattur; Vishwas Patkar; Kyle 
 B Yellin. 

 c 2025 Morgan Stanley 

 MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH                                                                                                                                                           7 
page_end